Add Somfy deprecation notice (#22702)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/somfy.markdown

  - switch
---

<div class="note warning">

> The Somfy Open API (cloud-based) has been deprecated in favour of the [Somfy TaHoma Developer Mode](https://developer.somfy.com/developer-mode) and will shutdown after June 21st 2022. The [Overkiz integration](/integrations/overkiz/) will support this new local API and can already be used to control your Somfy devices via the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Somfy Open API (cloud-based) has been deprecated in favor of the [Somfy TaHoma Developer Mode](https://developer.somfy.com/developer-mode) and will shut down after June 21st, 2022. The [Overkiz integration](/integrations/overkiz/) will support this new local API and can already be used to control your Somfy devices via the cloud.
```
